so I was pretty thirsty today actually I
guess it's not thirst I just was craving
some caffeine and I initially was going
to get some Mountain Dew Code Red
but I'm tired of Code Red then I noticed
a couple of different orange sodas so I
decided to go with orange soda then I
realized that I haven't done a taste
test of the difference between these two
I didn't get any Fanta because Fanta
sucks but anyway I guess I will do an
official taste test of Sunkist and
Orange Crush so here we go
I almost do a smell test first I guess
oh and just a quick observation if you
get the colors mixed up with the lids
you see they've got two different lids
here if you get it mixed up whoops
backwards because of the camera if you
get
mixed up they match just FYI okay smell
it's gotta be a cut I can't taste the
difference oh okay I'll start with the
crush and then I'll go to the Sun kiss
I'll just drink one after the other and
then I'll let you know what I think
about about them comparatively
I initially was just gonna cut right
after the taste test
and I wasn't gonna let you know what I
thought cuz that would be funny if I
just cut it hmm honestly Sunkist is so
much better than crushed I'm just gonna
advocate for Sunkist cuz it's way better
crushers gross compared to Sunkist
that's it for today oh whoa look at that
there's no caffeine and crush what fuck
you Wow Wow
no this is no no
it's not a joke it's a crush is not as
good don't know if I can finish this no
I can't finish this son kiss is so much
better that I can honestly taste the
difference
crush sorry sorry to crush you oh whoa
whoa look here hey hey hey buddy that's
what you call marketing right there
right there
hey no no no come back
Hey
I'm gonna puke I'm done it's not worth
too much that's too much thanks for
watching thanks for watching everybody
bye
so
[Laughter]
so I was pretty thirsty today damn it
[Music]
so I was pretty cut don't use any of
that start over